fix: some important links (#8116)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/participate/connect.adoc

* link:https://community.jenkins.io/[community.jenkins.io] - our new community forum on Discourse.
  Jenkins end users, developers and contributors are welcome!

> See link:https://community.jenkins.io/t/all-communication-channels-that-we-are-aware-of/79[All Communication Channels that Jenkins has] for some references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to link:https://community.jenkins.io/t/all-communication-channels-that-we-are-aware-of/79[the list of communication channels that Jenkins has] for further information.
```
Just a small suggestion to replace "see" with "refer to" and adjust the text accordingly.
